Adding how-to for DID Configuration (#611)
TBD54566975/ssi-service: doc/howto/wellknown.md

# How To: Link your DID with a Website

## Background

> A [DID Configuration Resource](https://identity.foundation/.well-known/resources/did-configuration/) provides proof of a bi-directional relationship between the controller of an origin and a DID via cryptographically verifiable signatures that are linked to a DID's key material.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [DID Configuration Resource](https://identity.foundation/.well-known/resources/did-configuration/) provides proof of a bi-directional relationship between the controller of a web domain and a DID via cryptographically verifiable signature, associated with a DID's key material.
```

## Steps

> You can use a DID Configuration Resource to tell that world that you are the same person who control your website and a DID. SSI Service does all the heavy lifting to make it easy to create such resource, linking DID that were created within the service and and your website of choice. The steps for doing so are outlined below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a DID Configuration Resource to advertise that the same entity which controls a given website also controls a DID. The SSI Service does all the heavy lifting to make it easy to create such a resource, linking DIDs that created within the service to a website you control. The steps for doing so are outlined below.
```

### Prerequisites

* A DID was created with SSI Service. See [How To: Create A DID](./did.md)
* You control an origin (e.g. like https://www.tbd.website).
* You are able to host files in a path within that origin.(e.g. you can host the file returned by https://www.tbd.website/.well-known/did-configuration.json)

For the purposes of our example, let's assume that the did created was `did:key:z6MkkZDjunoN4gyPMx5TSy7Mfzw22D2RZQZUcx46bii53Ex3`.

### 1. Create a DIDConfiguration

> `PUT` to `/v1/did-configurations`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make a `PUT` request to `/v1/did-configurations`:
```

```json
{
  "expirationDate": "2051-10-05T14:48:00.000Z",
  "issuanceDate": "2021-10-05T14:48:00.000Z",
  "issuerDid": "did:key:z6MkmM43K3x5xAgzkLRW9r6HCv5c4QKfD2wjfi6tiW3CuzjZ",
  "origin": "https://www.tbd.website",
  "verificationMethodId": "did:key:z6MkmM43K3x5xAgzkLRW9r6HCv5c4QKfD2wjfi6tiW3CuzjZ#z6MkmM43K3x5xAgzkLRW9r6HCv5c4QKfD2wjfi6tiW3CuzjZ"
}
```

> Or if you like curling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or if you like CURLing:

```

```shell
curl -X PUT 'localhost:3000/v1/did-configurations' -d '{
  "expirationDate": "2051-10-05T14:48:00.000Z",
  "issuanceDate": "2021-10-05T14:48:00.000Z",
  "issuerDid": "did:key:z6MkmM43K3x5xAgzkLRW9r6HCv5c4QKfD2wjfi6tiW3CuzjZ",
  "origin": "https://www.tbd.website",
  "verificationMethodId": "did:key:z6MkmM43K3x5xAgzkLRW9r6HCv5c4QKfD2wjfi6tiW3CuzjZ#z6MkmM43K3x5xAgzkLRW9r6HCv5c4QKfD2wjfi6tiW3CuzjZ"
}'
```

> If successful, you should see a response such as...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon success you will see a response such as...
```

```json
{
  "wellKnownLocation": "https://www.tbd.website/.well-known/did-configuration.json",
  "didConfiguration": {
    "@context": "https://identity.foundation/.well-known/did-configuration/v1",
    "linked_dids": [
      "eyJhbGciOiJFZERTQSIsImtpZCI6ImRpZDprZXk6ejZNa21NNDNLM3g1eEFnemtMUlc5cjZIQ3Y1YzRRS2ZEMndqZmk2dGlXM0N1empaI3o2TWttTTQzSzN4NXhBZ3prTFJXOXI2SEN2NWM0UUtmRDJ3amZpNnRpVzNDdXpqWiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.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.9oeN5rGzCaAMttOic47LOxIsjqpgH2DojGzsLiENy0UOKPdX66GJaEUEZSllWoGYOLqBnr6VWMnFgSk381jcAQ"
    ]
  }
}
```

> This contains two properties. `wellKnownLocation` describes where you should be hosting content. The content that you host is the value of the property `didConfiguration`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This contains two properties: `wellKnownLocation` which describes where you should be hosting the content and `didConfiguration`  which is content that you will host.
```

### 2. Host the created DID Configuration

> This next step is up to you. You have to ensure that the value of `wellKnownLocation` resolves to a json file. The contents of the file should be the value of `didConfiguration`. In our example, we would have to make sure that the URL https://www.tbd.website/.well-known/did-configuration.json returns the JSON object described below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This next step is for you to do outside of the service. You have to ensure that the value of `wellKnownLocation` resolves to a JSON file. The contents of the file should be the value of `didConfiguration`. In our example, we would have to make sure that the URL `https://www.tbd.website/.well-known/did-configuration.json` returns the JSON object described below. 
```

```json
{
  "@context": "https://identity.foundation/.well-known/did-configuration/v1",
  "linked_dids": [
    "eyJhbGciOiJFZERTQSIsImtpZCI6ImRpZDprZXk6ejZNa21NNDNLM3g1eEFnemtMUlc5cjZIQ3Y1YzRRS2ZEMndqZmk2dGlXM0N1empaI3o2TWttTTQzSzN4NXhBZ3prTFJXOXI2SEN2NWM0UUtmRDJ3amZpNnRpVzNDdXpqWiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.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.9oeN5rGzCaAMttOic47LOxIsjqpgH2DojGzsLiENy0UOKPdX66GJaEUEZSllWoGYOLqBnr6VWMnFgSk381jcAQ"
  ]
}
```

> ### 3. Verify your setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 3. Verify the DID Configuration
```

Once you've done the steps above, you can also use SSI Service to verify that the DID configuration is correct!

> `PUT` to `/v1/did-configurations/verification`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make a `PUT` request to `/v1/did-configurations/verification`:
```

```json
{
  "origin": "https://www.tbd.website"
}
```

> ... or in curl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
... or using CURL
```

```shell
curl -X PUT 'localhost:3000/v1/did-configurations/verification' -d '{
  "origin": "https://www.tbd.website"
}'
```

> The result will look similar to the response below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result will look similar to the response below:
```

```json
{
  "verified": false,

>   "didConfiguration": "{\n    \"@context\":\"https://identity.foundation/.well-known/did-configuration/v1\",\n    \"linked_dids\":[\n       \"eyJhbGciOiJFZERTQSIsImtpZCI6ImRpZDprZXk6ejZNa2g0QTZRVE5DQUZpNE5aZm5XdDhxTlNHWERHbk5YaHhYV2V3Y3BCcnpTMTl2IiwidHlwIjoiSldUIn0.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.szn9o_JhCLqYMH_SNtwFaJWViueg-pvrZW4G88cegh2Airh9ziQ7fYvSY4Hts2FlF6at8fMfAzrsnhJ-Fb0_Dw\",\n       \"eyJhbGciOiJFZERTQSIsImtpZCI6ImRpZDp3ZWI6dGJkLndlYnNpdGUiLCJ0eXAiOiJKV1QifQ.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.bweamOE6q-K1jQ64cfqk-vhhuugSpLvcit3Q6REBM2z0CpvvTX4SttHF533oUIDovtOSqmAAOOUFCbrTJYQfDw\"\n    ]\n }",

Reviewer: why does it have weird escaping going on?

Author: Because it contains "The configuration that was fetched from the origin's well known location."

This is for debugging purposes, so that callers can understand what body was received by the service.
